Who says I can't kill an Olympic champion?
I just had to prove myself
Did you give me a chance?
I've made it through 10 years
Why don't you want to give me the last 3 seconds?
Why is that?
An Olympic champion means money to you
Honor
But to me, he's got my dad's head up.
Can make the whole Zhaojiacun raise its head
Can bring you back
Takahashi can bring you
I can still
But now you don't deserve it.
What can you bring me as a loser?
What money honor
Apprentice
I bah, do you have that much ability?
You'll just be like your useless dad
Yongxuan can't raise his head to be a man
Sold you
Than half of what my son can bring me
That's not necessarily true.
They sold it to horse selectors
Maybe
Here it is.
It's the car of IOC President Jax
He really came